however,
if one So this lecture will do some more practice using come online argument.
So I'm going to create a simple script that is,
addition off two numbers.
But those two numbers I'm going to pass on as an argument to the script.
So let him feel the script are additional to number.
So I'm going to use a name of variable it.
That is my first on woman.
These,
my second are woman,
right?
So while executing this script,
I need to supply the number that is number eight and number two like,
supposed 10 number I have supplied on 20 number.
So 10 plus 10.
10 is my dollar.
One that is forced.
Our woman see is the,
you know,
some off board the numbers.
That is it plus dollar.
Be right after that echo on.
I'm like a pig.
Some off two numbers.
Uh,
that is See,
like about from that.
Let me print,
you know,
arguments past to tell number off parliaments fast.
That is dollar hash,
Right.
Apart from that,
if you want to bring the arguments that we have passed to the script,
suppose I have passed our woman number 20 and 30 I want that when my script,
you know,
executed It should also bring the arguments that we have supplied with a script.
So for that,
you know you have to use print.
Hold on.
Are humans Pasto this script?
So we have to commands for them.
The 1st 1 is your That is dollar and the rib on the second.
Come on is that is dollar Astra's,
this one.
So it will simple execute this command So we'll see that output aboard the commanders seem
.
But there's a difference,
so we'll understand the difference.
So let me first,
you know,
make it executable.
Okay?
Cactus.
Okay,
so I'm going to add the perimeter.
That is 12 plus 30.
So 12 is going to save on my variable.
A on 30 is going to save on my variable.
Be right,
This one.
So here we have our I go something.
Texeira,
Let's see where we have a center.
Sarah.
Okay.
I have to give us space here.
I don't need to give this one like,
but I So that was the script.
My Okay.
I'm going to exhibit this one.
I can see that I have got an output.
Right?
Some of to number that is 42.
So that is my 12 plus 30 is 42 obviously total number of arguments that is,
to 12 on 30.
He had been all the arguments passed through this camp.
So here it simply passed,
you know,
12 and 30 with the second come on.
That is dollar Rest is also have got the same output.
Then what is the difference but in both the command?
So there's very important an interview question as well.
So let's in this time,
see if you're going to use this.
Come on,
it is going to print the arguments.
Your argument is your dollar one dollar too right on while it really printed,
you will see there is a space by 12 and then a space and 30.
So that's the default behavior off your dollar at the scene.
But if you want that when the argument should be printed while exhibiting my script,
it should follow some different pattern.
I want that it should be like this one,
I wonder.
Should be like printing dollar one on I wanted should be printed like it should be comma
this way.
So if you want to change the deformed behavior.
How you know the arguments should be in a printed.
Then you have to go with this one.
That is this $1 Estrich.
So you can take the different behavior.
How we gonna do with the help off?
If s if a little bit We had discussed aboard I first.
Initially.
So here you have to use my effects.
My office.
I did.
I'm going to use this one.
So deport favorites that this space on then tab and next line.
So that's before baby off your infests.
So before behavior for both the commonest seem But I won't detain the behavior off this one
.
So here I have to use a comma on.
Then I'm again going to execute this one.
And I'm putting 13 and 40.
I can see that both outputs are different now,
right?
Cat s so that here after that,
before baby off affairs let it was Tab Sunny.
It was a space between the arguments 12 and 13 and 14.
You'll see a space Now you can see I have to use the default behavior off.
I first with coma.
Right?
So with all the arguments you can see Akamai's there.
So when their son for this lecture hope you have understood the difference between dollar
at a rate and dollar gastric.
So thanks.
So watch if you have time,
please.
Gently in the next lecture.